TODO:
-----

Future tasks to do(Future guy/gal or again Alan):
------------
-add more microplastics to reference database
-correction for match overlap? Seems the reference has an offset
-github large file problem (database)
-improve matching algorithm: consider missing peaks outside of reference range
-Superimposed plots: Implement a Neural Network to predict multiple matches


-The algorithm to identify the microplastics from the pics in the spectrum of the sample should be reviewed. For now Gaussian-weighted algorithm was used,
but whether this choice is relevant must be confirmed.
-If multiple microplastics are present in the sample, the Raman struggles
analyzing them.




the frontend dropdowns should stazy activated when the thing is selected. not onChange.


after uploading, keep the sample ?




buy a new Pi for faster connection ?


ask francesco and louis. We are wanting to switch to 5 for faster connection. we saw that you tried 4,  would there be any other problem ?

communicate photoncamera-raspberry pi using other connector ?
or using another photon camera ? with better bandwidth 


make button to add recent sample to database


add localization of sample inforrmation (not useful for classification, but for the geographical mapping) that the user inputs manually and can map a plot of the lake positions after


05.12.

try to match all spectra of same microplastic to measure a compatibility. do some more data analysis before using it. calculate residues. 

database too small or algorithm is confused by the database. plot all samples for same type of microplastics. if they are different, maybe change robustness relative to shifts. 

focus on order of peaks, distance between peaks, and 

what happens to a raman spectrum when a material ages? and in different conditions? does the polymer change in a way that gets degraded, does some residue change? does the raman redshift?

consider the whole spectrum and make accurate. Higher peaks should carry higher weights. then it shouldnt cover the peaks. because the variance is higher not close to peaks.

attempt to make plot of ideal sample for each plastic
make clustering information.






19.12

add theory, exp gained, etc 
make more people friendly, add bold keywords, figures if relevant 














